README.md, before:

# C7 Tenants List for Google Chrome

This **Google Chrome** extension adds a table of tenants to the C7 admin page, allowing you to easily see which tenants you have access to.

## Installation

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Open the Chrome browser and navigate to `chrome://extensions`.
3. Enable Developer Mode by clicking the toggle switch in the top right corner.
4. Click "Load Unpacked" and select the `c7-tenants` folder.
5. The extension should now be installed and ready to use.
6. By pinning this extension you gain easy access to enabling and disabling the extension. Click icon to reveal switch.

## Usage

Once installed, the extension will automatically add a table of tenants to the C7 admin page. You can also enable or disable the extension from the popup menu.

## Credits
A big thank you to [Michael Bourne](https://github.com/michaelbourne) and [Sean Bryant of Gorilion](https://www.gorilion.com/) for creating the large majority of underlying code for this extension. I simply adjusted it to work as a Chrome extension and added a few features.

## License

This extension is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more information.

Commit message:

Add README.md note regarding repo location

README.md, after:

# C7 Tenants List for Google Chrome

This **Google Chrome** extension adds a table of tenants to the C7 admin page, allowing you to easily see which tenants you have access to.

## Installation

1. Clone this repository to your local machine*.
2. Open the Chrome browser and navigate to `chrome://extensions`.
3. Enable Developer Mode by clicking the toggle switch in the top right corner.
4. Click "Load Unpacked" and select the `c7-tenants` folder.
5. The extension should now be installed and ready to use.
6. By pinning this extension you gain easy access to enabling and disabling the extension. Click icon to reveal switch.

****Note:*** *clone repo to a permanent location. If directory is moved, icon goes MIA.*

## Usage

Once installed, the extension will automatically add a table of tenants to the C7 admin page. You can also enable or disable the extension from the popup menu.

## Credits
A big thank you to [Michael Bourne](https://github.com/michaelbourne) and [Sean Bryant of Gorilion](https://www.gorilion.com/) for creating the large majority of underlying code for this extension. I simply adjusted it to work as a Chrome extension and added a few features.

## License

This extension is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more information.
